docs/gameplay/achievements.md, before:

# Achievements

Achievements can only be acquired in ranked matches. Most achievements can only be obtained once. The only exceptions to this are playoffs trophies, season placement badges, and weekly race achievements.

Achievements can be found on your ranked profile and up to 3 achievements of your choosing can be highlighted, with supporter tier 2 giving 4 highlighted achievements, and supporter tier 3 giving 5 highlighted achievements. More information about supporter tiers can be found on the [Ranked Store](https://mcsrranked.com/store).

Highlighted achievements will also be visible to your opponent when entering a match.

Some achievements can be leveled up, or obtained by doing something once then winning the match.

## Level Achievements

There are 5 different level achievements, and each one has a defined set of milestones that define its different levels.

### Break the Barrier

TODO: INSERT DESCRIPTION

:::details

| Completion Time |                               Badge                                |
| :-------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------: |
|       Any       | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_1.png){width="150"}  |
|     Sub 30      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_2.png){width="150"}  |
|     Sub 20      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_3.png){width="150"}  |
|     Sub 15      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_4.png){width="150"}  |
|     Sub 13      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_5.png){width="150"}  |
|     Sub 12      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_6.png){width="150"}  |
|     Sub 11      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_7.png){width="150"}  |
|     Sub 10      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_8.png){width="150"}  |
|      Sub 9      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_9.png){width="150"}  |
|      Sub 8      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_10.png){width="150"} |
|      Sub 7      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_11.png){width="150"} |
|      Sub 6      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_12.png){width="150"} |

:::


### Consistent Wins

TODO: INSERT DESCRIPTION

:::details

| Winstreak  |                              Badge                              |
| :--------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------: |
| 2 Matches  | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_1.png){width="150"} |
| 4 Matches  | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_2.png){width="150"} |
| 6 Matches  | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_3.png){width="150"} |
| 8 Matches  | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_4.png){width="150"} |
| 10 Matches | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_5.png){width="150"} |
| 15 Matches | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_6.png){width="150"} |
| 20 Matches | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_7.png){width="150"} |
| 25 Matches | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_8.png){width="150"} |

:::

### Match Master

TODO: INSERT DESCRIPTION

:::details
|    Matches     |                             Badge                             |
| :------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------: |
|    1 Match     | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_1.png){width="150"}  |
|   5 Matches    | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_2.png){width="150"}  |
|   15 Matches   | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_3.png){width="150"}  |
|   30 Matches   | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_4.png){width="150"}  |
|   50 Matches   | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_5.png){width="150"}  |
|  100 Matches   | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_6.png){width="150"}  |
|  200 Matches   | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_7.png){width="150"}  |
|  500 Matches   | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_8.png){width="150"}  |
| 1,000 Matches  | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_9.png){width="150"}  |
| 2,000 Matches  | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_10.png){width="150"} |
| 5,000 Matches  | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_11.png){width="150"} |
| 10,000 Matches | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_12.png){width="150"} |

:::

### Practice Makes Perfect

TODO: INSERT DESCRIPTION

:::details

|   Playtime   |                                  Badge                                  |
| :----------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|    1 Hour    | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_1.png){width="150"}  |
|   5 Hours    | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_2.png){width="150"}  |
|   10 Hours   | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_3.png){width="150"}  |
|   20 Hours   | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_4.png){width="150"}  |
|   50 Hours   | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_5.png){width="150"}  |
|  100 Hours   | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_6.png){width="150"}  |
|  200 Hours   | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_7.png){width="150"}  |
|  500 Hours   | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_8.png){width="150"}  |
| 1,000 Hours  | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_9.png){width="150"}  |
| 2,000 Hours  | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_10.png){width="150"} |
| 5,000 Hours  | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_11.png){width="150"} |
| 10,000 Hours | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_12.png){width="150"} |

:::


### W Collector

TODO: INSERT DESCRIPTION

:::details

|    Wins     |                            Badge                             |
| :---------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: |
|    1 Win    | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_1.png){width="150"}  |
|   5 Wins    | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_2.png){width="150"}  |
|   10 Wins   | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_3.png){width="150"}  |
|   20 Wins   | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_4.png){width="150"}  |
|   50 Wins   | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_5.png){width="150"}  |
|  100 Wins   | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_6.png){width="150"}  |
|  200 Wins   | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_7.png){width="150"}  |
|  500 Wins   | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_8.png){width="150"}  |
| 1,000 Wins  | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_9.png){width="150"}  |
| 2,000 Wins  | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_10.png){width="150"} |
| 5,000 Wins  | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_11.png){width="150"} |
| 10,000 Wins | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_12.png){width="150"} |

:::

## One-time Achievements

| Achievement Name      | Criteria | Badge                                                         |
| --------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| A Limited Diet        | ?        | ![](./img/achievement/a_limited_diet.png){width="150"}        |
| Classic               | ?        | ![](./img/achievement/classic.png){width="150"}               |
| Farming Time          | ?        | ![](./img/achievement/farming_time.png){width="150}           |
| GIGACHAD              | ?        | ![](./img/achievement/gigachad.png){width="150"}              |
| It isn't Iron Pick    | ?        | ![](./img/achievement/it_isnt_iron_pick.png){width="150"}     |
| Never. Give. Up.      | ?        | ![](./img/achievement/never_give_up.png){width="150"}         |
| Smithing Time         | ?        | ![](./img/achievement/smithing_time.png){width="150"}         |
| Too Many Levels       | ?        | ![](./img/achievement/too_many_levels.png){width="150"}       |
| Valuable Artifact     | ?        | ![](./img/achievement/valuable_artifact.png){width="150"}     |
| Wrong Category        | ?        | ![](./img/achievement/wrong_category.png){width="150"}        |
| You Only Get One Shot | ?        | ![](./img/achievement/you_only_get_one_shot.png){width="150"} |

## [Playoffs](/playoffs/bracket) Achievements
After playoffs ends, each participant will earn an achievement based on their result. In-game achievements will also show the season number.

| ![](./img/achievement/playoffs_1st.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/playoffs_2nd.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/playoffs_3rd.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/playoffs_participant.png){width="150"} |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Winner                                               | 2nd Place                                            | 3rd Place                                            | Participant                                                  |

## Season Placement Achievements

After a season ends, players will earn an achievement based on their final leaderboard placement. In-game achievements will also show the season number and the exact placement.

| ![](./img/achievement/season_placement_top_1.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/season_placement_top_5.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/season_placement_top_10.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/season_placement_top_50.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/season_placement_top_100.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/season_placement_top_500.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/season_placement_top_1000.png){width="150"} |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Top 1                                                          | Top 5                                                          | Top 10                                                          | Top 50                                                          | Top 100                                                          | Top 500                                                          | Top 1,000                                                         |

## [Weekly Race](/gameplay/weekly_race) Achievements

At the end of a weekly race, players will earn an achievement based on their leaderboard placement for that race. In-game achievements will also show the exact placement

| ![](./img/achievement/weekly_race_top_1.png) | ![](./img/achievement/weekly_race_top_5.png) | ![](./img/achievement/weekly_race_top_10.png) | ![](./img/achievement/weekly_race_top_15.png) |
| -------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| Top 1                                        | Top 5                                        | Top 10                                        | Top 15                                        |

Commit message:

Added descriptions to level achievements, criteria to one time achievements

docs/gameplay/achievements.md, after:

# Achievements

Achievements can only be acquired in ranked matches. Most achievements can only be obtained once. The only exceptions to this are playoffs trophies, season placement badges, and weekly race achievements.

Achievements can be found on your ranked profile and up to 3 achievements of your choosing can be highlighted, with supporter tier 2 giving 4 highlighted achievements, and supporter tier 3 giving 5 highlighted achievements. More information about supporter tiers can be found on the [Ranked Store](https://mcsrranked.com/store).

Highlighted achievements will also be visible to your opponent when entering a match.

Some achievements can be leveled up, or obtained by doing something once then winning the match.

## Level Achievements

There are 5 different level achievements, and each one has a defined set of milestones that define its different levels.

### Break the Barrier

Tracks the players' fastest completion time, and will upgrade at specific notable minute barriers. The level of this badge is determined by the players' fastest completion in Ranked mode

:::details

| Completion Time |                               Badge                                |
| :-------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------: |
|       Any       | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_1.png){width="150"}  |
|     Sub 30      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_2.png){width="150"}  |
|     Sub 20      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_3.png){width="150"}  |
|     Sub 15      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_4.png){width="150"}  |
|     Sub 13      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_5.png){width="150"}  |
|     Sub 12      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_6.png){width="150"}  |
|     Sub 11      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_7.png){width="150"}  |
|     Sub 10      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_8.png){width="150"}  |
|      Sub 9      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_9.png){width="150"}  |
|      Sub 8      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_10.png){width="150"} |
|      Sub 7      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_11.png){width="150"} |
|      Sub 6      | ![](./img/achievement/break_the_barrier_level_12.png){width="150"} |

:::


### Consistent Wins

Tracks the number of matches won in a row. The level of this badge is determined by the length of the players' longest winstreak.

:::details

| Winstreak  |                              Badge                              |
| :--------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------: |
| 2 Matches  | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_1.png){width="150"} |
| 4 Matches  | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_2.png){width="150"} |
| 6 Matches  | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_3.png){width="150"} |
| 8 Matches  | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_4.png){width="150"} |
| 10 Matches | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_5.png){width="150"} |
| 15 Matches | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_6.png){width="150"} |
| 20 Matches | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_7.png){width="150"} |
| 25 Matches | ![](./img/achievement/consistent_wins_level_8.png){width="150"} |

:::

### Match Master

Tracks the total number of matches a player has played, and the will upgrade as you play more matches.

:::details

|    Matches     |                             Badge                             |
| :------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------: |
|    1 Match     | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_1.png){width="150"}  |
|   5 Matches    | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_2.png){width="150"}  |
|   15 Matches   | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_3.png){width="150"}  |
|   30 Matches   | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_4.png){width="150"}  |
|   50 Matches   | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_5.png){width="150"}  |
|  100 Matches   | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_6.png){width="150"}  |
|  200 Matches   | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_7.png){width="150"}  |
|  500 Matches   | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_8.png){width="150"}  |
| 1,000 Matches  | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_9.png){width="150"}  |
| 2,000 Matches  | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_10.png){width="150"} |
| 5,000 Matches  | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_11.png){width="150"} |
| 10,000 Matches | ![](./img/achievement/match_master_level_12.png){width="150"} |

:::

### Practice Makes Perfect

Tracks the total amount of time spent playing MCSR Ranked. The achievement upgrades as you play for longer

:::details

|   Playtime   |                                  Badge                                  |
| :----------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|    1 Hour    | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_1.png){width="150"}  |
|   5 Hours    | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_2.png){width="150"}  |
|   10 Hours   | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_3.png){width="150"}  |
|   20 Hours   | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_4.png){width="150"}  |
|   50 Hours   | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_5.png){width="150"}  |
|  100 Hours   | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_6.png){width="150"}  |
|  200 Hours   | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_7.png){width="150"}  |
|  500 Hours   | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_8.png){width="150"}  |
| 1,000 Hours  | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_9.png){width="150"}  |
| 2,000 Hours  | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_10.png){width="150"} |
| 5,000 Hours  | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_11.png){width="150"} |
| 10,000 Hours | ![](./img/achievement/practice_makes_perfect_level_12.png){width="150"} |

:::


### W Collector

Tracks the total number of matches won. All matches won in ranked mode will count towards this achievement, regardless of how it was won.

:::details

|    Wins     |                            Badge                             |
| :---------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: |
|    1 Win    | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_1.png){width="150"}  |
|   5 Wins    | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_2.png){width="150"}  |
|   10 Wins   | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_3.png){width="150"}  |
|   20 Wins   | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_4.png){width="150"}  |
|   50 Wins   | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_5.png){width="150"}  |
|  100 Wins   | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_6.png){width="150"}  |
|  200 Wins   | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_7.png){width="150"}  |
|  500 Wins   | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_8.png){width="150"}  |
| 1,000 Wins  | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_9.png){width="150"}  |
| 2,000 Wins  | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_10.png){width="150"} |
| 5,000 Wins  | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_11.png){width="150"} |
| 10,000 Wins | ![](./img/achievement/w_collector_level_12.png){width="150"} |

:::

## One-time Achievements

:::warning
Achievements that require winning a match can only be earn if you win by completing the seed. Winning due to your opponent forfeiting does not give you the achievement, even if all other criteria are met.
:::

| Achievement Name      | Criteria                                                              | Badge                                                         |
| --------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| A Limited Diet        | Win a match without eating any food                                   | ![](./img/achievement/a_limited_diet.png){width="150"}        |
| Classic               | Win a match without entering a bastion                                | ![](./img/achievement/classic.png){width="150"}               |
| Farming Time          | Win a match with an iron hoe in your inventory                        | ![](./img/achievement/farming_time.png){width="150}           |
| GIGACHAD              | Win a match without ever wearing armor                                | ![](./img/achievement/gigachad.png){width="150"}              |
| It isn't Iron Pick    | Win a match without ever crafting an iron pickaxe                     | ![](./img/achievement/it_isnt_iron_pick.png){width="150"}     |
| Never. Give. Up.      | Reset the world while in the End, and then win the match              | ![](./img/achievement/never_give_up.png){width="150"}         |
| Smithing Time         | Win a match with a netherite ingot in your inventory                  | ![](./img/achievement/smithing_time.png){width="150"}         |
| Too Many Levels       | Win a match with at least 60 experience levels                        | ![](./img/achievement/too_many_levels.png){width="150"}       |
| Valuable Artifact     | Obtain an enchanted golden apple, and win the match without eating it | ![](./img/achievement/valuable_artifact.png){width="150"}     |
| Wrong Category        | Win a match after killing the wither                                  | ![](./img/achievement/wrong_category.png){width="150"}        |
| You Only Get One Shot | Win a match after killing the Ender Dragon with a single arrow        | ![](./img/achievement/you_only_get_one_shot.png){width="150"} |

## [Playoffs](/playoffs/bracket) Achievements
After playoffs ends, each participant will earn an achievement based on their result. In-game achievements will also show the season number.

| ![](./img/achievement/playoffs_1st.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/playoffs_2nd.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/playoffs_3rd.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/playoffs_participant.png){width="150"} |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Winner                                               | 2nd Place                                            | 3rd Place                                            | Participant                                                  |

## Season Placement Achievements

After a season ends, players will earn an achievement based on their final leaderboard placement. In-game achievements will also show the season number and the exact placement.

| ![](./img/achievement/season_placement_top_1.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/season_placement_top_5.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/season_placement_top_10.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/season_placement_top_50.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/season_placement_top_100.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/season_placement_top_500.png){width="150"} | ![](./img/achievement/season_placement_top_1000.png){width="150"} |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Top 1                                                          | Top 5                                                          | Top 10                                                          | Top 50                                                          | Top 100                                                          | Top 500                                                          | Top 1,000                                                         |

## [Weekly Race](/gameplay/weekly_race) Achievements

At the end of a weekly race, players will earn an achievement based on their leaderboard placement for that race. In-game achievements will also show the exact placement

| ![](./img/achievement/weekly_race_top_1.png) | ![](./img/achievement/weekly_race_top_5.png) | ![](./img/achievement/weekly_race_top_10.png) | ![](./img/achievement/weekly_race_top_15.png) |
| -------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| Top 1                                        | Top 5                                        | Top 10                                        | Top 15                                        |
