docs/install/install_vanilla.md, before:

# Installation with Official Minecraft Launcher (Vanilla Launcher)

::: warning
⚠️ Not recommended — setup is more complicated.
<br>
We would recommend to use [Prism Launcher](./install_prism) instead.
:::
::: info
This document will not explain the process of installing and logging into your Microsoft Account.
:::

## Install Fabric Loader
Get the installer here: <https://fabricmc.net/use/installer/>. Open the installer, select `1.16.1` as the Minecraft version and the latest Fabric version, and finish the installation.
::: warning
You do **NOT** need Fabric API, it is banned and none of the allowed mods use it!
:::

## Download the mods
Download the MCSR Ranked mod from [the Modrinth page](http://modrinth.com/mod/mcsr-ranked) into `%appdata%\.minecraft\mods`.

Additionally, it is recommended to get other allowed mods from https://mods.tildejustin.dev/.

## Launch the Profile
When you open your Minecraft launcher it will now show Fabric as an option. With that your mods will work.

## (Advanced) Upgrade Your Java
Check [this document](./java_upgrade) and follow these steps.
1. TO-DO

Commit message:

Java update guides for MultiMC, Prism, Vanilla

docs/install/install_vanilla.md, after:

# Installation with Official Minecraft Launcher (Vanilla Launcher)

::: warning
⚠️ Not recommended — setup is more complicated.
<br>
We would recommend to use [Prism Launcher](./install_prism) instead.
:::
::: info
This document will not explain the process of installing and logging into your Microsoft Account.
:::

## Install Fabric Loader
Get the installer here: <https://fabricmc.net/use/installer/>. Open the installer, select `1.16.1` as the Minecraft version and the latest Fabric version, and finish the installation.
::: warning
You do **NOT** need Fabric API, it is banned and none of the allowed mods use it!
:::

## Download the mods
Download the MCSR Ranked mod from [the Modrinth page](http://modrinth.com/mod/mcsr-ranked) into `%appdata%\.minecraft\mods`.

Additionally, it is recommended to get other allowed mods from https://mods.tildejustin.dev/.

## Launch the Profile
When you open your Minecraft launcher it will now show Fabric as an option. With that your mods will work.

## (Advanced) Update Java
It's generally recommended to use `Java 17+` for speedrunning for better performance and compatibility with some practice mods. Check out the relevant sections of [this document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PIjyPMulI3r5aZpfywt5OQR_12qEzX5UTfU8DQHtNp8/edit?pli=1&tab=t.0#heading=h.62ygxgaxcs5a) for a guide.
